COMDOX-209: Migrate Extension Developer Best Practices Guide from magento/devdocs (#17)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/best-practices/tutorials/create-admin-page.md

In the module's root directory, create a new directory called `etc`. Under that directory, create the file `module.xml`. This file specifies the name and setup version of this module.

For more information see: [naming your component](../../development/build/component-name.md).

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:Module/etc/module.xsd">
  <module name="MyCompany_ExampleAdminNewPage">
  </module>
</config>
```

If your module does not implement [Declarative Schema](../../development/components/declarative-schema/index.md), define the `setup_version` attribute in the module element.

```xml
<module name="MyCompany_ExampleAdminNewPage" setup_version="1.0.0">
```

If your module has a dependency with other modules, you can change the loading order sequence of the module by using the `sequence` node.
In the example below, `MyCompany_ExampleAdminNewPage` will be loaded after the `Magento_Checkout` module.

```xml
<module name="MyCompany_ExampleAdminNewPage">
  <sequence>
    <module name="Magento_Checkout"/>
  </sequence>
</module>
```

## Routing and navigation

> Before we can view the module's page, we need a way to navigate to it. These files create a link to the page in the left navigation and tells Magento how to resolve requests for that page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we can view the module's page, we need a way to navigate to it. These files create a link to the page in the left navigation and indicates how to resolve requests for that page.
```

     * @param PageFactory $resultPageFactory
     */
    public function __construct(
        Context $context,
        PageFactory $resultPageFactory
    ) {
        parent::__construct($context);

        $this->resultPageFactory = $resultPageFactory;
    }

    /**
     * Load the page defined in view/adminhtml/layout/exampleadminnewpage_helloworld_index.xml
     *
     * @return Page
     */
    public function execute()
    {
        $resultPage = $this->resultPageFactory->create();
        $resultPage->setActiveMenu(static::MENU_ID);
        $resultPage->getConfig()->getTitle()->prepend(__('Hello World'));

        return $resultPage;
    }
}
```

## Page view

Now that the application knows how to handle requests for the **Hello World** page, we need view files that define the look of the page.

Create the necessary directories for the files by running the following commands from the module's root directory:

```bash
mkdir -p view/adminhtml/layout
mkdir -p view/adminhtml/templates
```

These files belong in the `view/adminhtml` directory because the Admin area use these files during page generation.

### `view/adminhtml/layout/exampleadminnewpage_helloworld_index.xml`

> This file defines the [layout](https://glossary.magento.com/layout) and structure of the index page for the HelloWorld controller. It sets the title to "Greetings" and instructs Magento to use the `helloworld.phtml` template as the content in a `Magento\Backend\Block\Template` block class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file defines the [layout](https://glossary.magento.com/layout) and structure of the index page for the HelloWorld controller. It sets the title to "Greetings" and assigns the `helloworld.phtml` template as the content in a `Magento\Backend\Block\Template` block class.
```
